Docs 10436 rollback rollback template (#165)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/basic-alerts.adoc

* 10 minutes
* 15 minutes
* 20 minutes

== Basic Alert Email Template

You can use the following variables in a basic alert email *Subject* and *Message* fields.

> For the description of each variable, see <<var-defs>>.

Author: ```suggestion
For the description of each variable, see <<alert-variables>>.
```

* `${operator}`
* `${threshold}`
* `${period}`
* `${value}`
* `${condition}`
* `${organization}`
* `${environment}`
* `${alertLink}`
* `${dashboardLink}`
* `${targetName}`
* `${resource}`
| *Message Error Count*
| *Message Response Time*

.3+|Hybrid Server Alerts
| *CPU Utilization* .3+| * `${severity}`
* `${operator}`
* `${threshold}`
* `${period}`
* `${value}`
* `${condition}`
* `${organization}`
* `${environment}`
* `${alertLink}`
* `${dashboardLink}`
* `${targetName}`
| *Memory Utilization*
| *Thread Count*

.3+|Server Group Alerts
| *CPU Utilization* .3+| * `${severity}`
* `${operator}`
* `${threshold}`
* `${period}`
* `${value}`
* `${condition}`
* `${organization}`
* `${environment}`
* `${alertLink}`
* `${dashboardLink}`
* `${memberName}`
* `${targetName}`
| *Memory Utilization*
| *Thread Count*

.3+|Server Cluster Alerts
| *CPU Utilization* .3+| * `${severity}`
* `${operator}`
* `${threshold}`
* `${period}`
* `${value}`
* `${condition}`
* `${organization}`
* `${environment}`
* `${alertLink}`
* `${dashboardLink}`
* `${memberName}`
* `${targetName}`
| *Memory Utilization*
| *Thread Count*

|===

[[alert-variables]]

[%header%autowidth.spread]

> [[var-defs]]

Author: ```suggestion
[[alert-variables]]
```
